Chiyuri: HARU...
Haru: YEAH, WHAT?
YOUR BREATH IS TICKLING ME.
CHIYU.
( sighs )
FINE! THEN I GUESS THIS
MEANS WE SHOULD STOP
CABLE LINKING, DOESN’T IT?
NO WAY!
IF, FOR SOME REASON,
TAKKUN’S COPY FAILS,
THEN I WANT TO BE ABLE
TO INSTALL IT FROM YOU, OKAY?
ARE WE READY?
NOT QUITE YET.
( groaning )
HEY, WHY DIDN’T YOU
BRING YOUR OWN CABLE?
I’M NOT THE ONE TO BLAME.
YOU ARE,
FOR NOT HAVING
TWO LONG CABLES.
Taku: LISTEN, CHI,
THIS IS YOUR LAST CHANCE
TO CHANGE YOUR MIND.
THE BRAIN BURST PROGRAM
I’M ABOUT TO SEND YOU--
IT’S MORE THAN JUST A GAME.
SOMEDAY, YOU MAY
REGRET DOING THIS.
HE’S RIGHT. DON’T THINK
IT’S JUST AN EASY WAY
TO GAIN SOME AWESOME POWERS.
ONCE YOU START PLAYING,
YOU CAN’T QUIT UNT--
I ALREADY TOLD YOU GUYS,
THAT’S NOT
WHY I’M DOING THIS.
I DON’T CARE ABOUT THAT
POWER STUFF.
I JUST WANNA TEACH YOU GUYS
HOW TO ENJOY A GAME
INSTEAD OF LETTING IT
RUN BOTH OF YOUR LIVES 24/7.
SO COME ON!
LET’S DO IT.
( sighs )
OKAY.
Female Computerized Voice:
LOAD APPLICATION?
( beeping )
( gasps )
HARU, I’M SCARED.
WHAT IF THIS CHANGES CHI?
IF WE--
I MEAN, IF YOU
LOOK AFTER HER,
SHE’LL BE FINE.
AND I WOULDN’T
GET TOO WORRIED YET.
SHE MAY NOT EVEN BE ABLE
TO SUCCESSFULLY INSTALL IT.
♪
( soft beeping )
Chiyuri: WHAT IS THIS?
( stammers )
ARE YOU OKAY?
WELCOME...TO...
THE ACCELERATED WORLD?
( gasps )
( singing in Japanese )
♪
( gasps )
( whimpering )
HERE’S WHAT I WANT YOU
TO GET ME TODAY, PIGGY.
( screaming )
( panting )
WHY AM I STILL
HAVING THIS DREAM?
( sighs )
IT’S ALWAYS LIKE THIS
BEFORE A NEW SCHOOL YEAR STARTS.
( ringing )
INCOMING CALL
FROM CHIYURI KURASHIMA.
Haru: CHIYU?
Chiyuri: SORRY.
DID I WAKE YOU UP?
NAH. I COULDN’T SLEEP.
YEAH. ME NEITHER.
THIS STORM IS GONNA
RUIN THE CHERRY BLOSSOMS.
YEAH.
HEY, I’M GONNA
OPEN THE GATE.
COME OVER AND DIVE
INTO MY HOME SERVER.
WHAT? NOW?
YEP. SEE YA SOON.
OH, MAN.
WELL, I GUESS I HAVE TO, NOW.
( grunts )
OPEN DIRECT LINK.
( electronic humming )
( Haru screaming )
( grunting )
Haru: WHAT THE HECK IS THIS?
THAT’S AN ANOMALOCARIS,
A CREATURE
FROM THE CAMBRIAN ERA.
YOU STILL HAVE THAT AVATAR?
( scoffs )
COME ON.
WHY DON’T YOU CHANGE IT?
( grunting )
YEAH, BUT I’VE KINDA
GROWN USED TO IT.
SO ANYWAY,
WHAT’S GOING ON?
WHAT’S WITH ALL
THESE CUSHIONS?
AWESOME RIGHT?
WE’RE STARTING A NEW
SCHOOL YEAR,
SO AS A GIFT, MY FOLKS
GAVE ME A MEMORY UPGRADE.
THIS PLACE GOES ON
FOR A WHOLE 15 KILOMETERS
AT THE SAME RESOLUTION.
UH...!
ARE YOU SERIOUS?!
LET ME PLAY WITH IT
FOR A BIT.
WHAT? NO WAY.
I KNOW WHAT IT’LL BE LIKE
WHEN YOU’RE DONE.
A SMELLY WORLD FILLED
WITH NOTHING BUT OIL,
IRON, AND SMOKE.
YEAH! IT’LL BE GREAT!
WE COULD GET
A TIGER TANK IN HERE
AND ONE OF THOSE AWESOME
BF109 FIGHTER PLANES
OVER THERE.
IN YOUR DREAMS, HARU!
( screams )
( groaning )
( moaning )
( groans )
ALL RIGHT, STAY STILL.
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU TOLD ME THAT I’M GONNA
HAVE A SCARY DREAM TONIGHT,
AND, WELL, THAT
KINDA FREAKED ME OUT.
SO I DON’T WANNA
GO TO SLEEP.
YEAH, BUT YOU
CAN’T AVOID IT.
IF YOU DON’T HAVE THAT DREAM,
THEN YOU CAN’T
CREATE YOUR DUEL AVATAR.
BUT, WAIT--
YOUR AVATAR IS A REFLECTION
OF THE PAST TRAUMATIC EVENTS
YOU’VE EXPERIENCED IN YOUR LIFE.
I’VE YOU’VE NEVER
SUFFERED ANY REAL TRAUMA--
DON’T BE A JERK.
I’VE HAD ALL KINDS OF TRAUMA.
FOR EXAMPLE, THIS ONE TIME,
ON A SCHOOL TRIP,
SOMEONE GOT SICK ON THE BUS
AND PUKED ALL OVER MY LAP.
YOU’RE RIGHT.
THAT’S SO HORRIBLE.
I DON’T KNOW HOW
YOU’VE CARRIED ON.
I’M GLAD YOU UNDERSTAND.
( groaning )
YOU’RE SUPPOSED
TO BE MY PILLOW.
STOP MOVING AROUND SO MUCH.
YOUR PILLOW?
I REMEMBER THIS ONE TIME
WHEN YOU STAYED OVER
AT MY HOUSE...
I USED YOU AS MY PILLOW
AND I SLEPT LIKE
A TOTAL BABY.
YEAH, BUT THAT
WAS A REALLY LONG TIME AGO.
HEY, HARU?
YEAH?
JUST SO YOU KNOW,
I’VE WORKED REALLY HARD
SO THAT I COULD
BECOME A BURST LINKER.
IT’S SO THINGS
COULD GO BACK AGAIN
TO WHEN WE ALL
USED TO PLAY TOGETHER.
( breathes heavily )
UH--
( Haru whimpering )
I HATE THE FIRST DAY
OF SCHOOL.
WELL, HERE GOES.
( gasps )
HMM?
HARU, HEY.
T-TAKU.
( grunts, gasps )
HEY, HARU. ’SUP?
UH--CHIYU.
ARE YOU IN OUR CLASS, TOO?
I AM, BUT WHAT’S WRONG?
WHY ARE YOU CRYING?
IT’S NOTHING.
IT’S GREAT, ISN’T IT?
THE THREE OF US
IN THE SAME CLASS.
HEY, GOOD MORNING.
WOW. WHAT A COINCIDENCE!
Sugeno:
ALL RIGHT, YOU GUYS,
GET OFF THE NET!
TIME FOR MORNING ASSEMBLY.
Kuroyukihime:
I ASSUME THE MAJORITY OF YOU
ARE EXPERIENCING EQUAL AMOUNTS
OF BOTH ANXIETY AND HOPE,
ESPECIALLY
THE FIRST-YEAR STUDENTS
WHO ARE GETTING USED
TO A NEW SCHOOL WITH A NEW
GROUP OF UPPERCLASSMEN.
( Haru thinking )
I STILL CAN’T
BELIEVE THE SAME PERSON
WHO’S UP THERE MAKING SUCH
A REFINED SPEECH
IS ALSO A HELL-BENT DESTROYER
IN ANOTHER WORLD--
AN INSTRUCTOR SO HARSH
SHE’D SCARE AWAY
A HARDENED U.S. MARINE.
...WHATEVER QUESTIONS
YOU MAY HAVE.
WE WERE NERVOUS
FIRST-YEARS, TOO.
WE HAVEN’T FORGOTTEN
WHAT THAT’S LIKE.
( chuckles )
OH!
DURING THE COURSE
OF THE SCHOOL YEAR...
UH-OH.
I WONDER IF...SHE WAS ABLE
TO READ MY THOUGHTS JUST NOW.
...BUT RISE TO EACH
OF THESE CHALLENGES.
( gasps )
( grunts )
THIS MAY BE HARD TO BELIEVE,
BUT YOUR TIME HERE
WILL END QUICKLY.
PLEASE DO YOUR BEST TO MAKE IT
A HIGHLY REWARDING YEAR.
THANK YOU.
THAT CONCLUDES MY SPEECH.
Woman: THANK YOU.
NEXT WE WILL HAVE THE SCHOOL
GUIDANCE COUNSELOR
GO OVER THE...
SHE WAS ACTING
KIND OF WEIRD JUST NOW.
...USE OF NEURO LINKERS
WITHIN SCHOOL GROUNDS.
( gasps )
COULD IT BE...?
Taku: ONE OF THE NEW STUDENTS
IS A BURST LINKER?
Haru: YEAH. AND I GUESS SHE
MIGHT HAVE NOTICED SOMETHING.
SHE WAS STARING RIGHT
AT THE NEW STUDENTS.
TO BE HONEST, I WAS JUST
THINKING THE SAME THING.
Taku: BUT THE PROBLEM IS...
THAT DOESN’T REALLY ADD UP.
USUALLY A BURST LINKER
GOES TO THE SAME SCHOOL
AS THEIR GUARDIAN DOES.
YEAH, BUT WE CAN’T BE SURE.
I MEAN, THERE’S
ALWAYS THE EXCEPTION.
YEAH, YOU’RE RIGHT.
WE SHOULD PROBABLY LOOK INTO IT.
NEW STUDENTS SHOULD HAVE
RECEIVED THEIR LOGIN ACCOUNTS.
SO ABOUT NOW, THEY
SHOULD START LOGGING ON
TO THE SCHOOL’S NET.
( grunts )
Both: BURST LINK--
Chiyuri: HOLD ON!
Both: HUH?
Haru: CHIYU!
YOU TWO ARE BEING ALL
SECRETIVE AGAIN, AREN’T YOU?
HUH?
LET ME GUESS.
YOU GUYS WERE JUST ABOUT
TO GO INTO THE ACCELERATED
WORLD, RIGHT?
YEAH, WELL--
I TOLD YOU BOTH:
I GOT INTO THIS
SO I COULD SHOW YOU GUYS
HOW TO ENJOY PLAYING THIS GAME
YOU’RE EACH SO INTO.
BUT IF WE DON’T ALL DO IT
TOGETHER, IT’S POINTLESS.
CHIYU...
YOU’RE SO RIGHT.
SORRY.
HEY, LISTEN.
LET’S DO THIS:
TAKU, YOU LOG IN
AS A SPECTATOR.
I’LL LOG IN
AND CHALLENGE CHIYU TO A DUEL.
SINCE WE’LL ALL USE UP
ONE BURST POINT ANYWAY,
IT’LL BE A GOOD CHANCE
TO CHECK OUT WHAT HER DUEL
AVATAR’S LIKE.
UM, OKAY THEN,
WHAT SHOULD I BE DOING?
YOU JUST STAY PUT
FOR A SECOND.
I’LL MAKE SURE TO CHALLENGE YOU
TO A DUEL STRAIGHT AWAY.
LET’S DO IT.
HMM.
BURST LINK.
Chiyuri: WOW.
IS THIS ME?
WHOA. SO THAT’S
YOUR DUEL AVATAR,
HUH, CHIYU?
THE MATCHING LIST SAYS YOUR
NAME IS LIME BELL.
LIME BELL?
I DON’T KNOW.
IT LOOKS A LITTLE
TOO COLORFUL.
AW, COME ON.
STOP COMPLAINING.
IT’S REALLY RARE TO GET A COLOR
AS PURE AS THAT ONE.
WAIT. IS THAT YOU, HARU?
UH, YEAH.
SO...YOUR AVATAR’S
A REFLECTION OF THINGS
WHICH TRAUMATIZED YOU.
OH, I GET IT.
WAIT! I KNOW WHAT
YOU’RE THINKING.
JUST DON’T SAY IT.
AND...IS THAT TAKKUN?
HE LOOKS REALLY STRONG.
WAY BETTER THAN YOU, HARU.
( chuckles )
UH, HARU, I CHECKED
AND IT DOESN’T LOOK LIKE
THERE ARE ANY BURST LINKERS
AMONG THE NEW STUDENTS.
YOU’RE RIGHT. THE ONLY
NAMES ON THE LIST WERE...
SILVER CROW, BLACK LOTUS,
CYAN PILE,
AND LIME BELL.
NO ONE ELSE.
HEY, AREN’T ME AND HARU
SUPPOSED TO BE IN SOME KIND
OF DUEL RIGHT ABOUT NOW?
HOLD ON! NOT SO FAST!
YOU DON’T EVEN KNOW
WHAT THE RULES ARE YET.
TAKKUN GAVE ME THE BASICS.
YOU WANNA GET AS MANY POINTS
AS YOU CAN BY WINNING TONS
OF FIGHTS.
AND WHEN YOU GET TO LEVEL TEN,
YOU’VE CLEARED THE GAME, RIGHT?
UH, WHEN YOU PUT IT LIKE THAT,
IT SUDDENLY SOUNDS SO SIMPLE.
HEY, AREN’T I SUPPOSED TO HAVE
SOME KIND OF SPECIAL MOVE?
AH, GEEZ.
OKAY, YOU SEE THAT H.P. GAUGE
OVER THERE ON YOUR SCREEN?
THAT’S WHERE YOU CAN CHECK OUT
YOUR LIST OF SKILLS.
BUT YOUR SPECIAL MOVES
WON’T BE READY FOR--
AH, FOUND IT!
OKAY. CITRON CALL!
( ringing )
HUH?
YEAH. IT HELPS IF YOU LET ME
FINISH EXPLAINING.
YOUR SPECIAL MOVE GAUGE
HAS TO BE FULLY CHARGED FIRST.
IF YOU GET DAMAGED
OR INFLICT DAMAGE ON ONE
OF YOUR OPPONENTS...
OR...
UH...EVEN IF YOU DESTROY
ONE OF THOSE OBJECTS
OVER THERE.
REALLY?
( giggles )
( yelling )
THIS FEELS AWESOME!
UH--SHE’S RUTHLESS.
ODD--HER H.P. GAUGE
ISN’T GOING DOWN.
IN THE FACTORY STAGE,
IF YOU DESTROY AN OBJECT,
YOU SHOULD
TAKE SOME DAMAGE, AS WELL.
I GUESS SHE’S SUPER-RESILIENT.
TAKE THAT!
UH...CHIYU?
( sighs )
WHAT?!
( groans )
I JUST WANTED TO POINT OUT
THAT YOUR GAUGE IS FULL,
SO IT MIGHT WORK NOW.
THAT’S ALL.
Chiyuri: WELL WHY
DIDN’T YOU SPEAK UP SOONER?
ALL RIGHT THEN.
HERE GOES.
CITRON...CALL!
( gasps )
HUH?
WHAT THE HECK?!
NOTHING HAPPENED.
NO, THAT CAN’T BE RIGHT.
MAYBE IT ENCHANTS PEOPLE
OR SOMETHING.
WELL IF THAT’S MY SPECIAL MOVE,
THEN IT’S TOTALLY LAME.
THIS SUCKS! LET ME HAVE ONE
OF YOUR SPECIAL MOVES, HARU.
WHAT?! YOU’RE CRAZY!
NO WAY! I CAN’T DO THAT.
HER GAUGE HAS GONE DOWN
A WHOLE LOT IF IT’S JUST
SOME KIND OF ENCHANTMENT.
BUT...HARU HASN’T
TAKEN DAMAGE
OR GOTTEN WEAKER,
WHICH MEANS--
NO WAY!
( grunting )
Taku: CHI!
WHAT?!
TAKE THAT BELL
AND HIT HARU WITH IT.
( yells )
OKAY. SURE.
I WAS ABOUT TO DO THAT ANYWAY.
WHAT?!
( grunts )
( yells, groans )
EH...NOT ENOUGH.
DO IT A COUPLE MORE TIMES.
WHAT?!
( voice breaking )
OH, COME ON!
( grunts )
( yells )
( groaning )
( gasps )
( grunts )
( screams )
( gasps )
THAT SHOULD DO IT.
CHI, TRY YOUR SPECIAL MOVE
ONE MORE TIME.
Chiyuri: ALL RIGHT.
CITRON...
( deep bell ringing )
CALL!!!
UH...
( screams )
IF MY GUESS
IS CORRECT, THEN...
( groans, gasps )
WHAT THE HECK IS THIS?
MY H.P. GAUGE
IS FULLY RECOVERED.
IT’S JUST AS I THOUGHT.
LIME BELL...
IS A HEALER!
A HEALER?
THIS IS GONNA
CAUSE SOME MAJOR TROUBLE.
HUH?
Kuroyukihime: SHE’S A HEALER?
Haru: THAT’S RIGHT.
TAKU WAS JUST AS SURPRISED.
BUT HE TOLD ME NOT TO TELL
ANYONE BECAUSE HE THINKS
IT’LL CAUSE AN UPROAR.
THAT’S EXACTLY WHAT
IT’S GOING TO DO.
IF WORD OF THIS GETS OUT,
BURST LINKERS
FROM ALL OVER TOKYO
WILL START
OVERFLOWING SUGINAMI.
AND BEFORE LONG,
A SCOUTING BATTLE WILL BEGIN.
ARE HEALERS
REALLY THAT AMAZING?
WHAT’S THE BIG DEAL?
IN THE SEVEN YEARS
ACCELERATED WORLD HAS EXISTED,
THE NUMBER OF PLAYERS IT’S
SEEN WITH HEALING ABILITIES
IS A GRAND TOTAL OF TWO.
AND ON TOP OF THAT,
ONE OF THEM GOT SO TIRED
OF BEING FOUGHT OVER,
THE LEFT THE ACCELERATED WORLD
FOR GOOD.
SO THEN, ASIDE FROM LIME BELL,
THERE’S JUST ONE OTHER HEALER
OUT THERE?
YES, AND THAT PERSON
IS CURRENTLY ONE
OF THE SIX KINGS.
A KING?! WOW!
SO WHAT COLOR ARE THEY?
UM, SENPAI?
I’M SORRY, BUT I’D PREFER
NOT TO EVEN TELL YOU
WHAT THAT PERSON’S NAME IS.
THE LAST THING I WANT,
HARUYUKI,
IS FOR YOU
TO HAVE THE SLIGHTEST
BIT OF INTEREST IN THEM.
YEAH, BUT...
( groans softly )
IT’S NOT THAT
I DON’T TRUST YOU.
I KNOW YOU AREN’T INTERESTED
IN THE OTHER KINGS
AND WILL MOST LIKELY
NEVER BE TEMPTED BY THEM.
BUT I CAN’T STOP
WORRYING ABOUT IT.
( whimpers )
HARUYUKI,
WHERE YOU BELONG’S WITH ME.
( whimpering )
YOU ALWAYS HAVE,
AND YOU ALWAYS WILL.
FOR ALL ETERNITY,
I’LL NEVER GIVE YOU UP.
YEAH, OKAY.
THAT SOUNDS GREAT.
WE GOT A LITTLE OFF-TRACK.
ALL RIGHT, AS I WAS SAYING,
HAVING THE ABILITY TO HEAL
IS EXTREMELY RARE
IN ACCELERATED WORLD,
WHICH MAKES HEALERS
INCREDIBLY POWERFUL.
I SEE.
SO THEN, WHERE IS KURASHIMA?
WELL IF I WERE TO GUESS,
SHE’S BEING LECTURED BY TAKU
ON WHY SHE SHOULD
KEEP A LOW PROFILE
AND NOT DO ANYTHING RASH.
SHE AND I SHOULD
PROBABLY MEET, TOO.
I THINK A HEART-TO-HEART CHAT
WOULD DO BOTH OF US GOOD.
YEAH, I GUESS YOU’RE RIGHT.
( thinking )
THOSE TWO HAVING
A HEART-TO-HEART CHAT?
THAT IS SO GONNA GET MESSY.
( birds chirping )
Chiyuri: LEGIONS?
Taku: YEAH.
AND THE LEGION THAT HARU
AND I BELONG TO
IS CALLED THE NEGA NEBULOUS.
AND YOUR LEADER
IS KUROYUKIHIME?
YES.
WELL, OKAY.
ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THAT?
I AM.
THAT WAY THE THREE OF US
CAN BE TOGETHER AGAIN
LIKE WE USED TO BE.
IT’LL BE JUST
LIKE OLD TIMES.
BUT CHI...
WE CAN GO BACK, RIGHT?
TO THE WAY THINGS WERE?
WE’LL TALK AGAIN TOMORROW.
OH, BY THE WAY, LET ME KNOW
IF THERE’S SOMETHING
YOU WANT ME TO BRING BACK
FOR YOU FROM OKINAWA.
OKINAWA?
YOU’RE GOING AWAY?
DIDN’T YOU KNOW THIS?
IT’S A SCHOOL TRIP
FOR THIRD-YEAR STUDENTS.
WE LEAVE SUNDAY.
WHAT?! YOU’RE
NOT GONNA BE HERE?!
MAKE SURE TO LOOK AFTER THINGS
WHILE I’M AWAY.
DON’T WORRY ABOUT KURASHIMA.
I’LL TALK TO HER
WHEN I GET BACK.
BUT THAT WON’T
BE FOR ANOTHER TEN DAYS.
WAIT! WAIT!
HOLD ON A SECOND!
WHAT ABOUT THE TERRITORY
BATTLES?!
DON’T FAIL.
DEFEND THEM WITH YOUR LIFE.
ANOTHER LEGION’S FLAG
IN SUGINAMI...
WOULD KILL ME.
Y-YEAH, BUT...
LOOK, I’LL MAKE YOU A DEAL.
IF YOU SUCCESSFULLY
DEFEND OUR TERRITORY
WHILE I’M GONE,
AS A REWARD, I’LL GRANT YOU
ANY WISH YOU WANT WHEN I’M BACK.
ANY WISH?
YES. MAKE SURE IT’S
A GOOD ONE.
ANY WISH.
♪
IS THIS REALLY
WHAT YOU WANT?
HUH--YES,
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!
NO!!!
THAT’S NOT WHAT I WANT.
( whimpering )
YOU JUST WANT ME
TO CABLE LINK WITH YOU?
UH-HUH.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS.
OH NO, MY BREATH!
IT MIGHT TICKLE HER!
♪
YOU BELONG TO ME.
WHAT AM I THINKING?!
I’M SO GOING TO HELL!
( sighing )
I SHOULD JUST GO HOME
AND THINK ABOUT THIS CALMLY.
( yells )
( groans )
OW.
ARE YOU OKAY THERE?
( groaning )
( sighs )
THANKS.
UH?
I’M GLAD THAT
YOU’RE NOT HURT.
WELL THEN, BYE, SENPAI.
IS THAT A NEW STUDENT?
DEFEND IT
WITH OUR LIVES, HUH?
WELL, IF THAT’S
WHAT OUR MASTER WANTS.
Haru: THAT’S IT?
HOW CAN YOU BE SO CALM?
THE TWO OF US WILL HAVE
TO FIGHT THE TERRITORY BATTLES
BY OURSELVES.
WE HAVE NO OTHER CHOICE.
I HAVE TO SAY,
EVER SINCE
I JOINED NEGA NEBULOUS,
I FIGURED A SITUATION LIKE THIS
WOULD COME ABOUT SOME DAY.
( sighs )
BUT LET’S NOT
FORGET ABOUT CHIYU.
I MEAN, SHE HAS HEALING
ABILITIES, RIGHT?
SO EVEN IF SHE DOESN’T FIGHT,
SHE CAN STILL HELP US.
WE CAN GO BACK, RIGHT?
TO THE WAY THINGS
WERE BEFORE?
TAKU, WHAT’S WRONG?
HEY, HARU.
YEAH?
( sighs )
NOTHING.
FORGET IT.
( grunting )
TAKKUN! GET HIM!
SORRY I’M LATE.
I GOT LOST.
HOW’S TAKU DOING?
HE JUST LOST A POINT,
SO IT’S ONE TO ONE NOW.
SO HE’S NOT QUITE AS DOMINATING
AS HE USED TO BE,
BUT HE’S DOING HIS BEST.
OKAY.
( panting )
( thinking )
HE’S REALLY STOPPED USING
HIS ACCELERATION POWERS.
COME ON, TAKKUN!
IF YOU DON’T WIN THE TOURNAMENT
AT OUR SCHOOL,
THEN YOU WON’T STAND A CHANCE
AGAINST THE OTHER SCHOOLS!
DO!
ONE POINT.
VICTORY.
HE DID IT.
THAT’S OUR TAKU.
( grunts )
HEY, IT’S THAT KID
FROM YESTERDAY.
THE FINAL MATCH.
NOMI ON RED.
YES, SIR!
( thinking )
NOMI.
Referee: ON WHITE,
MAYUZUMI.
YES, SIR!
AND, BEGIN!
SOMETHING’S ODD
ABOUT THAT NEW STUDENT.
WHAT IS IT?
GET HIM, TAKKUN!
KICK HIS BUTT!
HARU, START CHEERING ALREADY!
HUH? OH, RIGHT.
YOU ARE WAY TOO QUIET!
YOU SHOULD--
Nomi: KOTE!
Referee: ONE POINT!
TAKKUN.
( crowd applauding )
( panting )
( thinking )
WHAT WAS THAT?
( chuckling )
Referee: AGAIN!
( both shouting )
( Taku thinking )
SOMETHING’S NOT RIGHT.
THAT SHOULD’VE
BEEN A DIRECT HIT.
BUT NOT ONLY DID HE DODGE IT,
HE GOT THE POINT, TOO.
( shouts )
( grunting )
( gasps )
NO WAY.
BUT HOW ELSE COULD HE...?
( no audible dialogue )
( gasps )
"BURST"...?
BURST LINK.
WE CHECKED IT SO THOROUGHLY.
WHY DIDN’T WE SEE HIM LISTED?
I CAN’T FIND HIM.
HOW COME?
JUST NOW,
I’M PRETTY SURE...
HE SAID, "BURST."
TAKU.
CHIYU.
OKAY. BURST OUT.
Nomi: MEN!
Referee 2: ONE POINT!
Referee 3: AND VICTORY!
THE WINNER IS NOMI
FROM THE RED SIDE.
( crowd gasps )
( cheering and applauding )
( crowd murmuring )
( gasping )
( whimpering )
♪
( chuckles )
( gasps )
♪
( indistinct singing )
♪ IT’S A BURST OF SENSATION ♪
( singing in Japanese )
Kuroyukihime:
NEXT STAGE: ARRESTATION.
WHEN KUROYUKIHIME
LEAVES ON A TRIP,
HARUYUKI BECOMES THE TARGET
OF A MENACING TRAP.